The UK has a long history of automotive development, bringing together the world's leading companies, universities, the racing industry and autonomous projects, and is already in a position to transform r&d. Expertise and forward thinking are the UK's unique strengths in developing core automotive technologies.

The manufacturing capacity of British cars ranks high in the world, which can be seen from the range of products produced and the scale of brands involved in the industry. The manufacturing scope of British cars covers passenger cars, commercial vehicles, buses, buses and other fields. Britain has 7 passenger car manufacturers, 8 commercial vehicle manufacturers, 11 bus and bus manufacturers and more than 10 large manufacturers of premium cars and sports cars that can be mass produced. According to the association of motor manufacturers and dealers, 1.6m vehicles were produced in the UK in 2013, the equivalent of one new car coming off the line every 20 seconds, with 77 per cent of the output exported to the rest of the world. Britain's level of car manufacturing also attracts top manufacturers from around the world
A gun is a machine used to shoot bullets. Guns are also called "firearms".
 They can be of many different sizes: small enough to hold in one hand, or large enough to 
fire shells to sink a warship . Guns that are small enough to be carried and used b
y one person all have the same basic parts: a trigge, a barrel£¨£©, and a handle. The trigger is pulled by a finger to fire the bullet. The barrel guides the bullet. The handle is held by the human who will fire the gun.
In military terms, the word "firearm" is usually used for the type of weapons that soldier
s carry (pistols and rifles, while the word "gun" is used for larger guns that fire at higher speed. The weapons on warships and tanks are called "guns" or "turrets" (if placed on a rotating base), not "firearms".
Guns are very effective weapons. Guns guide bullets at a very high speed which is mu
ch more deadly than a traditional arrow. Bullets are contained within rounds, also kno
wn as cartridges  A cartridge consists of a bullet, a casing, Propellant£© and a primer. Cartridges have different ways of being loaded into different kinds of weapons. Cartridges can be loaded directly into a firearm or into a clip, a magazine or other bullet container which is loaded into the firearm. Some firearms have their rounds loaded into the stock (or butt) of the weapon. A clip is loaded with rounds and the clip is loaded into a weapon. The magazine  is a container for the rounds which has a spring
 that moves the bullets into place for firing. Firearms known as revolvers have a cylinde
r with holes that the bullets are loaded into. Modern guns are usually loaded with a ma
gazine and are called automatic loading.